test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_answer.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_aobench.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_erb.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_factorial.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_fib.rb
#[too long] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_lc_fizzbuzz.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_mandelbrot.rb
#[too long] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_pentomino.rb
#[longish] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_raise.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_strconcat.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_tak.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_tarai.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_app_uri.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_aref_flo.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_aref_miss.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_aref_str.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_aref_sym_long.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_aref_sym.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_flatten.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_ident_flo.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_ident_num.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_ident_obj.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_ident_str.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_ident_sym.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_keys.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_shift.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_hash_values.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_loop_for.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_loop_generator.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_loop_times.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_loop_whileloop2.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_loop_whileloop.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_securerandom.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_ackermann.rb
#[<30] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_array.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_binary_trees.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_concatenate.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_count_words.rb
#[longish] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_exception.rb
#[longish] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_fannkuch.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_fasta.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_k_nucleotide.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_lists.rb
#[writes to stdout] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_mandelbrot.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_matrix.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_meteor_contest.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_nbody.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_nested_loop.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_nsieve_bits.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_nsieve.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_object.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_partial_sums.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_pidigits.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_random.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_reverse_complement.rb
#[<30] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_sieve.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_so_spectralnorm.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_attr_ivar.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_attr_ivar_set.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_block.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_const.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_ensure.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_float_simple.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_gc_short_lived.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_ivar.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_ivar_set.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_length.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_lvar_init.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_lvar_set.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_neq.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_not.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_rescue.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_simplereturn.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_swap.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm1_yield.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_array.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_bigarray.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_bighash.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_case.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_defined_method.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_dstr.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_eval.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_method_missing.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_method.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_method_with_block.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_newlambda.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_poly_method_ov.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_poly_method.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_proc.rb
#[longish] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_raise1.rb
#[longish] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_raise2.rb
#[error] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_regexp.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_send.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_struct_big_aref_hi.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_struct_big_aref_lo.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_struct_big_aset.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_struct_small_aref.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_struct_small_aset.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_super.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_unif1.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm2_zsuper.rb
#[too long] test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm3_backtrace.rb
test/cruby/benchmark/bm_vm3_clearmethodcache.rb
